=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

post - query Czech Post branch information from official XML feed

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.011

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    Usage: post [-n <name>] [-nl <namelike>] [-a <address>] [-al <addresslike>]
                [-z <zip_code>] [-c <city] [-cl <citylike>] [-cp <citypart>]
                [-cpl <citypartlike>] [-t <type>] [-g <geo>] [-ot <openat>]
                [-ct <closedat>] [-od <openduring>] [-cd <closedduring>] 
                [-hdb <day>] [--all] [--store] [-db <db_file>]

    Options:
        -n|--name <name>                   Name of a branch
        -nl|--namelike <namelike>          Name of a branch,
                                            performs =~ when searching
        -a|--address <address>             Address of a branch
        -al|--addresslike <addresslike>    Address of a branch,
                                            performs =~ when searching
        -z|--zip <zipcode>                 Zip code of a branch
        -c|--city <city>                   City of a branch
        -cl|--citylike <citylike>          City of a branch,
                                            performs =~ when searching 
        -cp|--citypart <citypart>          City part (district) of a branch
        -cpl|--citypartlike <citypartlike> City part (distict) of a branch,
                                            performs =~ when searching 
        -t|--type <type>                   Type of a branch (posta, depo, "" 
                                            which equals an unknown type)
        -g|--geo <geo>                     Geo info of a branch in the following
                                            format: lat=1044557.63 lon=735997.36
        -ot|--openat <openat>              Day and Time of a branch,
                                            in the following format:
                                           Day=Saturday Time:10:00
        -ct|--closedat <closedat>          Day and Time of a branch,
                                            in the following format:
                                           Day=Saturday Time:10:00
        -od|--openduring <openduring>      Day and Time of a branch,
                                            in the following format:
                                            Day=Saturday StartTime:10:00
                                            EndTime=18:00
        -cd|--closedduring <closedduring>  Day and Time of a branch,
                                            in the following format:
                                            Day=Saturday StartTime:10:00
                                            EndTime=20:00
        -hdb|--hasdaybreakon <day>         Day of a branch in the following format:
                                            Day=Monday 
        --all                              Returns all branches.  
        --store                            Updates local SQLite DB of branches and
                                            their opening hours 
        -db|--dbfile <db_file>             Path to a SQLite DB file. 

        --version                          Prints version info  
        --usage                            Prints the usage summary of this help
        --help                             Prints this help message       
        --man                              Prints the complete manpage
                                            [not-yet-implemented]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<post> application retrieves information from official Czech Post XML feed
L<http://napostu.ceskaposta.cz/vystupy/balikovny.xml> and presents them in
loosely structures text output.

Post app provides a bunch of command-line options for searching desired
branches. They could be combined in any way, but there's always a logical
AND between different commands (e.g. --name and --type) and a logical
OR between same commands (e.g. --name and --name).
So in order to search for all branches in Prague and Brno cities,
you can issue the following command: $ post --name Praha --name Brno
If you, however, want to search for only branches in Prague and Brno that
are of type "posta", you would do that with the following command:
$ post --name Praha --name Brno --type posta

For more information about the command-line options, run the app with --usage
or --help options.

=head1 EXAMPLES

To see branches only in Prague that are open on Saturday between 10:00 and
12:00:

    $ post --city Praha --openduring Day=Saturday StartTime=10:00 EndTime=12:00

To see branches closed on Sunday at 1p.m.:

    $ post -ct Day=Sunday Time=13:00

To see branches closed tomorrow at 1p.m.:

    $ post -ct Day=Tomorrow Time=13:00

You can use one of the following 3 aliases: Yesterday, Today, Tomorow.

To see all depo branches in Ostrava:

    $ post -t depo -c Ostrava

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

No bugs have been reported.

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<pavelsam@centrum.cz>.

=head1 REPOSITORY

L<https://github.com/pavelsaman/Post>

=head1 AUTHOR

Pavel Saman C<pavelsam@centrum.cz>

=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2020, Pavel Saman C<pavelsam@centrum.cz>. All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

=cut